Move workflows from WARP (#10)
populationgenomics/cromwell-configs: README.md

# WDL workflows and Cromwell configuration files

## WDL workflows

> [WDL](https://github.com/openwdl/wdl/blob/main/versions/1.0/SPEC.md) (Workflow Description Language) is a language developed by the Broad Institute that allows to write genomics workflows specification. WDL describes commands to invoke tools, required computationl resources, and how tools are piped together; but it abstracts from particular execution environment implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WDL](https://github.com/openwdl/wdl/blob/main/versions/1.0/SPEC.md) (Workflow Description Language) is a language developed by the Broad Institute that allows to write genomics workflows specification. WDL describes commands to invoke tools, required computation resources, and how tools are piped together; but it abstracts from particular execution environment implementations.
```

### Configuration

Cromwell can be configured via two files passed to the `-Dconfig.file` and `--options` command line arguments. We provide templates for both files, which are suitable for running workflows on Google Cloud using [Google Cloud Life Sciences](https://cromwell.readthedocs.io/en/stable/tutorials/PipelinesApi101/) (previously known as PAPI - Pipelines API).

**Important**: Make sure to schedule your VM workers in a region that's colocated with your data buckets, to avoid incurring high network egress costs. Don't move large files like BAMs between continents: copying 1 TB of data from the US to Australia costs 190 USD. Adjust the `default-zones` attribute in the template if necessary.

> To run Cromwell, first edit `cromwell.conf` to replace the following hardcoded values:

Reviewer: Would be good to update this to take advantage of @illusional's analysis-runner + Cromwell integration.
